The Joe Rogan experience, Jessica and Drudge right there.
Rose not my Uranus. Let's see, let's see,
this is a straw weight, obviously, right? No, I think it's flyweight.
Oh no. It's strawweight right. Let's try. Wait. It's drawing. Yeah,
she was just trying to be a champion. Yeah. Yeah.
This is a battle of the two girls with the shortest hair in the UFC, right?
Yeah, for sure.
It's crazy. That rose just decided to cut her hair off. She was like, I don't,
it just gets in the way. Cause like she's beautiful.
I mean her face. Yeah. I mean, she's like, she is like a cover girl,
like a model. Her, she has perfect bone structure, but she doesn't give a.
She's not even remotely concentrating on that.
Oh. She looks good. She hasn't fought. I don't think since then.
And she looks very sharp. She's at Trevor Whitman disciple.
I mean, it's just crazy what she did to Joanna the momentum of the train.
That how,
how fast the Joani train was rolling to put a stop to that is completely
insane out of nowhere with that left hook. Yeah. How.
Crazy is it? The momentum of women and now it's amazing.
My whole greatest. This is so good. That's so good.
I think the little Polish girl, I love Valentina Shevchenko,
Yolanda and Jay chat. That's my all time favorite course.
She paints a false toenails. No matter who she fights or toenails, always.
Valentina is not Polish. Right. And she's Russian. She's right?
Yeah. More than yeah, but Joel, what am my favorite technical?
You follow her on Instagram. She's beautiful. All the time. She's such a,
she's such a, such a girl.
Joey. The can of worms. You just opened up. Tony's in love with her.
He's been in love with her forever.
Why don't you? Didn't she come to a fight and you were going to take her out.
My friends, we're friends. We text Valentina. What is it?
She comes to my shows when I'm in, uh.
Palm beach or Dora trigger. You haven't asked around.
I mean, we've, we've, you know.
Find out Florida. Yeah. Okay. What does that mean?
No, you stop it right now.
Beautiful. And the way she fights makes me more attracted to it.
Like I like how she fights.
She's gotten a lot better at the weight. Cut too.
She was having real problems with weight cutting in the past. Oh,
bros looks good. Real sharp counters. She's working well off the jab.
Look at that job that you have snappy. Yeah.
On drugs. Lost some muscle mass. She used to be a lot thicker.
She used to look like a tank.
She used to go in there and looked like a small female Vandelay Silva.
But now she's a, I guess you probably realize is after awhile,
most of them do you carry around all that muscle mass that cost in your,
in your conditioning and endurance also like harder to the cut, the weight.
She probably had to cut a lot of weight. She was very thick. Before
I.
Can tell you from experience, the smaller your frame, the lighter you are,
the so much harder it is to cut weight. Like I know that's common sense,
but those last few pounds,
that's all just your liver in your lungs.
Just the little bit of liquid you have left.
Yeah. They say the guys who cut the easiest actually are big muscular guys.
Those big thick muscular guys, because muscle's like, you know,
90 something percent water, not really water it's, you know,
it's plasma and all kinds of other. But it's a lot of fluid. You can,
you can lose water.
Yeah. In our, we did back in high school. That's for sure. Nice.
One too. In the outside. Yeah.
I didn't realize it was easier for people that are muscular to cut.
Wait until George Lockhart slick.
One of the best coaches for weight cutting in the sport. He explained it to me.
And I was like, oh, okay. That actually makes sense.
Like I never thought about it before,
but then he's like the more muscle mass you have,
the easier it is to lose water weight.
There was a couple of times where I weighed in with just straight up bone skin
and the innards like that crazy thing about.
Rustlers is you have to compete that day.
So you cut that weight and then you put as much back on as he can before he rest
that that's ridiculous. Ridiculous. I.
Got a problem, Joe Rogan. What's the problem. My last physical,
the doctor calls. He goes, everything is beautiful,
except your potassium is too low. What does that mean?
Oh, well that's easy. That's nothing new. Well, you don't even need bananas.
Just take some of this, this right here, liquid Ivy.
I drink that every day. You take that in a bottle of water.
It's got way more potassium than a banana. It's got all kinds of vitamins in it.
Why am I alone? Potassium? Cause you probably don't take any,
you don't take it into your body. If you're not.
Seem like a variation of salt lake.
I was told to stay. No, no, no, no. That's sodium. That's sodium.
Potassium is something different. Potassium is just another electrolyte,
but it's a critical electrolyte.
Uh it's I think they stay potassium when people are low in potassium.
That's when they get cramps that liquid Ivy like started taking electrolytes on
a daily basis, changed how my body operates. Cause I was always getting cramps.
Now I don't ever get them anymore.
Literally stopped getting cramps again because I was dehydrated. And I,
you know, most people run around dehydrating dehydrated. You,
you don't realize like you have to drink water all the time, man. You really do.
You have to drink water all the time. And if you don't do that,
you're operating at a less than optimal method. You know, your, your,
your brain is not functioning the way it should.
In football a lot, you know, in, in, uh,
obviously in the hotter places like, you know,
those games it's stalls so much of the game. Oh yeah, man. All those cramps.
Oh yeah. And they're trying to drink water the whole time, those big boys,
but they're sweating it out faster than their body can absorb it.
They're going full tilt. You know? I mean, imagine,
imagine being a 290 pound super athlete,
just going full tilt. Just full stri.
Woo woo. Woo. Woo.
I mean the amount of explosive exertion,
those guys put out in a game it's nuts. It's not like anything else.
If you really think about it, even in fights, you know,
there's a lot of moments in fights where they're pacing themselves.
They're like this they're moving. And then they explode.
Occasionally football has these giant bursts where you're running at each other
full clip, just all full sprinting, you know?
And then you stop. They just sit there.
They also have longer breaks than even here because when you're on defense,
you're on that sideline for maybe, you know, five to eight, 10 minutes,
they all.
Get injured. It's a hundred percent. They all get injured. They all get injured.
Joey,
you would love this Aaron Hernandez series that they have on Wondery.
Do you ever listen to wandery the podcast network? It's very good.
They're really well-produced they have this really good one on
Aaron Hernandez and his life and why he was so up. Whoo. It's crazy,
bro. He killed a bunch of people, killed people and got away with it.
He killed more than the people he got in trouble with.
He killed a guy in Florida. Yeah. He killed a few people.
Did you watch the Netflix one? I did not know. Yeah. They cover a lot of that.
It's crazy. Crazy story.
That man is his brain damage
at 28 years old, when he killed himself,
they said he had some of the worst CT they had ever seen.
And you know, he grew up playing football. So he, they,
they did a study on kids, like, uh, all the way up through a professional,
all the way down to high school football players who had CTE.
And they were like it's most kids it's.
Most people play football on a regular basis.
Like more habit that don't have it.
It's crazy. My town's a very big football town. We won the state championship.
Kids went to Penn state from there and I watch them.
I've been watching them just for purposes. One guy.
Killed himself. Um.
But I'm watching these guys and he's uh,
either the solid or like one buddy is in the hospital.
Oh absolutely. You know.
So it's, it's all those football.
Wait bro. Roses, roses teeing off on drugs,
on drugs is getting really pieced up here. Look at that one too.
Rose is just sharper and her foot work is better like constant movement and
her counters are on point. Look at it. Look at that block. Perfect timing.
New one that punches coming. And I'm drawing. Just looking for openings.
You're just looking to swing big hammer shots.
Whereas rose is kind of piecing her up. Oh, she messed with that flying knee.
I think when it comes to that CT, it really starts in college.
It starts when you're in high school colleges. I think it starts in high school,
but college is where it really,
because it's so competitive college and you're really banging it out there and
you're young. You're strong as. Yeah.
You're juicing your season.
You train basically 11 months out of the year,
six of those months with a helmet. I mean you do a summers with helmet,
no helmets and shoulder pads. No contact.
Yeah. And usually the better you are, the more you're going to naturally.
Well you got.
Watch this fight. This fight is wild. This is a wild fight.
Bros is catching her with all kinds of big shots coming in,
but our driver keeps coming. Do you remember when, uh,
yo you wanna fought Jessica and Drudge Tony sort of.
I don't remember it being that dangerous of a fight for.
At all. It was dangerous, but Yolanda was so technical. She's so good.
That was when she was like legit in her prime. I got to say,
I went back over the way young fight.
And you could see her winning and decision. Oh,
look at that combination by your entourage. That was a hard combination.
Good left kick to the body there too. You could see,
but it's not bad enough where you couldn't see, uh,
Zhang winning it either. Uh, she could, she could have won too.
You know,
it reminded me a lot of that sorta like Nate Diaz effect to cause the damage
that Yohanna,
what she looked like has to affect the judge's decisions and perception.
There's no doubt about it.
Same every Nate Diaz fight where it looks like he's gotten beat up just cause he
has a two cuts that open it in his eyes as soon as he starts. Right.
You want to had that enormous swelling on her forehead. It was crazy.
But meanwhile, she acted like it was nothing like it didn't even exist.
She didn't even didn't even slow down.
It was unbelievable.
She looked totally different by the end and to keep fighting.
God. She's so good. Just so aggressive.
Both of them mean that was absolutely one of my favorite foods.
There's a painting of it out in the hallway here. You saw it. Yeah. I mean,
I mean, there's a reason why that pain is there.
It's one of my favorite fights of all time. The first time that.
You watched the UFC, that you didn't even care, she saw that fight.
Suck the air out of you. Hmm. I watched other friend's house.
It was amazing after that the party was over. Like nobody cared about.
That. Well,
the problem was that that was style bender versus yall remainder house.
And that was a very tactical fighters. Yellow would just stand. Right. But,
but you got to remember for 25.
Minutes you were pinned to the TV. Like you haven't been.
That you want a Wang fight.
I actually got to watch in the bar at LA Jolla like that main and like
half the it, cause I closed out. I took off five minutes from the, uh,
opener and five minutes from the feature.
The only time I ever did that in my life,
just because I wanted to do my time to not miss a thing.
And that was one of those times. Cause I go,
I said light me when the second fighter in the main event gets to the octagon,
give me a safety light.
And I was already in the middle of my closer and it was so cool.
And the majority of that audience, I mean they were slammed in there.
You could never, never,
there won't be five people slammed or in five years there won't be that many
people slammed in that room for any reason. All on top of one another,
because they all knew that the fight was on. Yeah.
You mean that room? Meaning the bar, the bar area.
Yeah. It's a, it's like this size basically.
That LA Jolla club is awesome. They're doing standup again. Now they closed.
They closed again. Yeah.
Very close. I was supposed to be there this weekend.
When did they reclose Tuesday?
Because of the COVID yeah, it ramped up.
It's crazy because San Diego is virtually open.
They don't have that many cases down there,
but there's one county outside of San Diego that has a load of cases.
I also think they're realizing like, people just can't be that close to that.
When people see other people doing things, they're like, well, I can do it.
We'll just do it ourselves. We'll just all hang out. Yup.
Today's the big day guys. What's that we should get shut down.
So if the numbers, what happens on Tuesday, we get shut down.
What do you mean? We get shut down. What are you hearing? We'll go.
Back to level one really? Tuesday who told you this?
What'd you say we want orange.
He's waiting for the results from the weekend to see what the goes on.
It takes just to make the announcement Monday. They say deaths are down though.
That's the day.
But the cases are up high.
So the cases are as high as they've ever been or higher.
I believe they opened up Disney world in Florida. Did they open it today?
Like today? Yeah. Florida. Doesn't give a. I don't give a. They don't.
That dude is goofy as the governor. Yeah. Goofy as dog.
That's not a good situation.
Did you see him not be able to put on his mask?
He was trying to put it on vertical.
You guys have no idea like that guy. He had to follow other kids.
When he went to school every day to remember where it was,
he was one of those morons. Look how beautiful.
That Chavez of rose.
She keeps popping that Jabin she's pleading out of her nose. Real good. Rosie.
Yeah. Oh.
Jesus. West Palm beach is open, but Miami is DOE Jesus.
West Palm beach is open. Yeah. Really? That's so close to Miami though.
That's what's crazy.
He's done. Yeah. Miami's got like.
So the improv in Miami shutdown. Yeah, but west Palm still open. Yeah.
Those clubs that are still open. They just roll those dice.
I wonder what happened with that LOL comedy club after Callen and Shaw,
both tested positive end, Stevie blue. Ooh. I wonder what they did. Oh,
shows is in trouble. Rose is in trouble. Yeah. Rose's in trouble.
She got rocked. Ooh, good control here.
But oh my God, her nose is a mess. Oh Jesus Christ.
I might faint. Yeah.
Her eyes a mess. Hoof
on Drudge is a tank man. Uh oh. Rose is looking for that arm bar,
but she didn't get have it. Didn't have it. Good technique here. Good guard.
Use two minutes on her legs up there. Oh, nice. Good job. Kicking her off.
Yeah, she might, might be too busted up, man.
Whatever's going on with her face is not good.
She has sh how quickly she covers up that undrawn chick is hard.
Strong them hammers.
That power comes from this thick thighs lawn jobs because it's tree trunks.
Yeah.
Everything about her stick. I just wish I saw we were, we were talking so much.
I didn't really see what happened. I heard her. Oh.
Oh man. Oh it hurt.
She had to hit with a big right-hand there on that counter
and that's right where the part of her face that's injured. Oh man. Oh my God.
She has busted up. Dude. Look at her face, shape everything.
Her whole face is a bloody mask.
Ooh.
Oh my goodness. What a fight?
Oh man. See, when,
when people slow down and then you get into these exchanges and one of them is
just throwing hammers and you keep getting hit. Like when andraj gets close,
she's just winging these big shots.
So every time they're having these exchanges, so that's a nice left hook there,
but rose doesn't have enough energy to really keep her off of her seat.
Like she's kind of, she's tired. So she's hitting her,
but she doesn't have enough energy to really keep her off of her.
And then in these exchanges. Oh, look at that. Take down. Oh, look at this.
She does. She got mounted. Wow. tough. She's very tough.
She's called him. I got her face is a mess, dude. That left eye is up.
Oh, she just got here. Oh my God. Her.
Eye is swelling fast.
Gotcha. It's so nasty. She got hit on it again and again.
And she can't see anything coming from that side and she's got eight seconds to
go here. Mm.
When you have a, an eye that's that closed. You're so susceptible on that side.
This might be it. They might stop it. Oh, it's over. That's the end? The third.
Oh my God. Look at her eyes, dude. Jesus Christ.
That's one of the worst I've ever seen her.
I'll give you a little, remind them, getting the potato. Oh my God. Look.
You're gonna stop.
Joey Diaz brought Cuban food for us and I around
filet right before.
Cuban balls of debt. What are those?
These are potato balls with the meat in the middle. Oh,
I got a little talking like you don't meet the dog.
I show up with my own artist. So I was, I don't want no misunderstandings.
I understand why people usually have the basket.
Like I'm supposed to be impressed. You know what I'm saying? The.
Mary's I'm with you. Am I making buddy.
Man understand Tabasco? Go. I like.
It. Glasgow on eggs is very good. Very good.
But not as good as any other hot sauce. Yeah, this is,
I'm a big fan of like L U Kotecha. I liked that real Mexican.
Too. But this is what we were French.
Fries. This red hot. And this is a wing that's legit. Anything else?
Go you. Mocha. Who makes great hot sauce? Gringo.
Bendito the offspring lead spring of OBS spring. Dexter.
He's got his own hot sauce. Yeah, it's great, man. It's really good.
Real tasty. It's got a real kick to it. We don't even know who won this.
It looks like rose one on looks like at least the first two rounds
in terms of like total strikes. But we were talking too much.
It looked to me like she was winning the first two rounds.
But when someone gets that badly beat up in the third,
their faces that much of a mess that infects the judges depends on how
liberal they are with those 10, eight rounds too, you know? Oh my God.
Look at her eye.
That's bad.